Updates and fixes docs (#589)
se-passau/VaRA-Tool-Suite: docs/source/tutorials/running_experiments.rst

Next, we need to populate the paper config with a case study.
Case studies are managed with the :ref:`vara-cs` tool.

> For example, we can for example select revision `e7da44d515` from the project `xz` like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, we can select revision `e7da44d515` from the project `xz` like this:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    vara-cs gen -p xz select_specific e7da44d515

> or to select the lastest revision of xz like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or we can select the lastest revision of xz like this:
```
